---
layout: post
title:  "Draft  | Wrapping my head around the Oauth2 flow"
date:   2020-06-02 10:40:00 +1200
---

Over the past wee while I have been learning more about the Oauth2 authentication process - the system used by xeros login.

Oauth2 is the system used in authorizing a client with a xero application. 

It requres an 'Application' to be created via the xero dev dashboard (Or other implementations equivilent)
This requrires the input of several variables including: Callback URL, Application Name. 
Once setup, the application provides several necessary parameters to perform authorization between client and API 
Including

- Client ID - The ID associated with the application, remains constant for all application needing to access it
- ClientSecret - Once generated cannot be retrieved again,  Identifies client end, can have multiple secrets, can be deleted to revoke access to the application 

With these details we can establish a connection through oAuth2, Making this connection returns a "State" which is used in the URL for another authorization request. 

The next request contains a 'Scope' (Ege accounting, contacts, accounting.read) which determine the permissions of the authorization being requested. 

The user privileges for companies selected are checked against the permissions specified in the request.
If this check is a match an authorization token is produced. This token is used in future API calls limited to the determined scope

This access token expires after 30 mins, thankfully a refresh token is also provided which is used to request another access token which enables longer sessions. Although, this wont be relevant for my use case it's still good to know in case things change.
