---
layout: post
title:  "FInal Post"
date:   2020-06-05 10:40:00 +1200
---

For my final blog, I will like to wrap things ups with particular things I have caught up on and what needs work in the coming days before the final application is ready 

I have 

* Implemented views as cshtml files which are displayed after requests according to controller logic
 These views display data given by the controller. The data is a list of json objects which represents response information such as Status, invoiceID, contact etc. 
 Also the specific reasons for invoices not being sent are also returned in the information which is helpful. For example, I had one of the invoices in my test fail on me because it had a negative quantity(Must have been a refund) the error message was illustrative enough so that the end user could understand why it wouldn't work and fix it in a manual invoice.
 An automatic error resolution attempt could be feature in the the future if the program if extended
 
* Changed the invoice request style which was originally multiple requests for each invoice. Now its a single request containing multiple invoice nodes. 
 This fixes the too many API requests issue which had came to mind recently
 
* Conducted a large scale test with >70 invoices it was a success with the demo company,
 unfortunately i have yet to test it with blueberries systems because they are still at large with wrapping up end of month duties(Which this application will replace a large portion of when implemented)



I have yet to 

* Finish designs to my views to make them look appealing 
* Create a method to upload csv files manually when CSP’s api is not returning client data (Does not currently)
* Refactor a few static variables used for trouble shooting so that the application does not bug out upon repeated use(Currently retains data such as json data which makes future api calls invalid)
* Finish basic documentation for future work on the application

overall im happy with the placement, knowledge on subjects such as:
* Asp net 
* MVC implementation 
* Xero API
is valuable to have

probably couldve saved myself alot of confusing by learning the technologies individually rather than all at once but
overall I am happy with the application I have produced and hope it serves as a dependable tool.
Excited to smooth of the edges now and deploy it.
